rollbacks.md, before:

# 🔥 Firestarter: Rollbacks
Sometinmes unrecoverable disaster may occur with either your builds or your inventory which require admin action to resolve. On Firestarter, our admins are equipped with advanced rollback tools that can help restore your hard work in certain situations. However, we don't offer rollbacks in all situations, so have a read over this rollback guide to find out when you are eligibile.

## Server-related issues
If an unintended bug caused directly by the server (i.e. plugin issue, admin mishap, etc.) causes you to lose your inventory contents, admins are able to rollback your inventory to the last available state. Inventory backups are only saved for a short amount of time, so inquire on getting your inventory rolled back as soon as possible.

## Grief
Disaster strikes and your build is ruined! Admins are able to roll back your build a select amount of time to bring it back to its previous state. However, build rollbacks are not always perfect and may result in complex builds being slightly different after being rolled back. This may include missing chest contents, incorrectly rotated blocks, etc.

However, this is usually only an issue with complex redstone contraptions and in most normal builds this is a non-issue.

## Ineligible causes
We do not perform rollbacks on most player-initiated causes (aside from grief, of course). This is a short list of causes that would not be eligible for a rollback:
* A player stole items from one of your chests.
* You died from void damage and lost all of your items.
* Your items despawned because you died over 5 minutes ago and were idling.
* You accidentally blew up part of your house because you forgot you had claim explosions enabled.

Commit message:

Fix typos and clarify unclaimed griefs

rollbacks.md, after:

# 🔥 Firestarter: Rollbacks
Sometimes unrecoverable disaster may occur with either your builds or your inventory which require admin action to resolve. On Firestarter, our admins are equipped with advanced rollback tools that can help restore your hard work in certain situations. However, we don't offer rollbacks in all situations, so have a read over this rollback guide to find out when you are eligible.

## Server-related issues
If an unintended bug caused directly by the server (i.e. plugin issue, admin mishap, etc.) causes you to lose your inventory contents, admins are able to rollback your inventory to the last available state. Inventory backups are only saved for a short amount of time, so inquire on getting your inventory rolled back as soon as possible.

Same deal goes for loss of builds.

## Grief
Disaster strikes and your build is ruined! Admins are able to roll back your build a select amount of time to bring it back to its previous state. However, build rollbacks are not always perfect and may result in complex builds being slightly different after being rolled back. This may include missing chest contents, incorrectly rotated blocks, etc.

However, this is usually only an issue with complex redstone contraptions and in most normal builds this is a non-issue.

## Rollbacks on unclaimed land
Only claimed builds are eligible for rollbacks. However, as a kind gesture, admins will be able to roll back your first grief on unclaimed land. From thereon out, you will only be eligible for rollbacks on claimed land.

## Ineligible causes
We do not perform rollbacks on most player-initiated causes (aside from grief, of course). This is a short list of causes that would not be eligible for a rollback:
* A player stole items from one of your chests.
* You died from void damage and lost all of your items.
* Your items despawned because you died over 5 minutes ago and were idling.
* You accidentally blew up part of your house because you forgot you had claim explosions enabled.
