staff-guide.md, before:

# 🔥 Firestarter Staff Guide
This guide outlines everything you need to know as a moderator on Firestarter. Remember, your main job as a moderator is to enforce our rules and be unbaised in your handling of situations.

## Punishment Guideline
These are our standard punishment lengths for bans and mutes on the server. To check for repeated offenses, use `/history <username>`. After banning, if the player is in our Discord, make sure to give them the banned role.

The following are the punishments for breaking any given category in the [rules](https://github.com/Firestarter/docs/blob/master/rules.md). Please use the titles of each category as the ban or mute reason.

__**Modified clients:**__
* 1 month ban - first offense
* Permanent ban - second offense

__**Toxic behavior:**__
* 1 hour mute - first offense
* 1 week ban - second offense
* 1 month ban - third offense
* Permanent ban - fourth offense

__**Griefing:**__
* 2 week ban - first offense
* 2 months ban - second offense
* Permanent ban - third offense

__**Scamming:**__
* 1 week ban - first offense
* 1 month ban - second offense
* Permanent ban - third offense

__**Stealing:**__
* 1 week ban - first offense
* 1 month ban - second offense
* Permanent ban - third offense

__**Copyright:**__
* 1 week ban - first offense
* 1 month ban - second offense
* Permanent ban - third offense

__**Claims:**__
* 1 week ban - first offense
* 1 month ban - second offense
* Permanent ban - third offense

__**Chat, spam, and advertising:**__
* 1 hour mute - first offense
* 1 hour ban - second offense
* 3 day ban - third offense
* 1 week ban - fourth offense
* Permanent ban - extreme cases

__**Racism, offensive language, and discrimination:**__
* Permanent ban - first offense

__**Exploiting server issues:**__
* Permanent ban - first offense

__**Spreading misinformation/defamation:**__
* Permanent ban - first offense

__**Alternate account usage (Alts):**__
* 1 month ban - gaining extra event rewards
* Permanent IP ban - ban evasion

__**Threats:**__
* Permanent ban - first offense

__**Drama and discussing punishments:**__
* 2 hour mute - first offense
* 2 week ban - second offense
* 1 month ban - third offense
* Permanent ban - fouth offense

__**Inappropriate skins and names:**__
* Permanent ban - first offense (unban when resolved)

If you need clarification on any of these, please either post in `#staff-chat` or contact an admin. After you have given out a punishment, please post evidence of the offense in the `#evidence` channel on our Discord server. This will help us keep track of punishments in case we need the evidence in the future.

Commit message:

Update staff-guide.md (#13)
* Update staff-guide.md

More tips and advice for Moderators

* Update staff-guide.md

Added reapers request for additional info to `/spawn`

staff-guide.md, after:

# 🔥 Firestarter Staff Guide
This guide outlines everything you need to know as a moderator on Firestarter. Remember, your main job as a moderator is to enforce our rules and be unbaised in your handling of situations.

## Punishment Guideline
These are our standard punishment lengths for bans and mutes on the server. To check for repeated offenses, use `/history <username>`. After banning, if the player is in our Discord, make sure to give them the banned role.

The following are the punishments for breaking any given category in the [rules](https://github.com/Firestarter/docs/blob/master/rules.md). Please use the titles of each category as the ban or mute reason.

__**Modified clients:**__
* 1 month ban - first offense
* Permanent ban - second offense

__**Toxic behavior:**__
* 1 hour mute - first offense
* 1 week ban - second offense
* 1 month ban - third offense
* Permanent ban - fourth offense

__**Griefing:**__
* 2 week ban - first offense
* 2 months ban - second offense
* Permanent ban - third offense

__**Scamming:**__
* 1 week ban - first offense
* 1 month ban - second offense
* Permanent ban - third offense

__**Stealing:**__
* 1 week ban - first offense
* 1 month ban - second offense
* Permanent ban - third offense

__**Copyright:**__
* 1 week ban - first offense
* 1 month ban - second offense
* Permanent ban - third offense

__**Claims:**__
* 1 week ban - first offense
* 1 month ban - second offense
* Permanent ban - third offense

__**Chat, spam, and advertising:**__
* 1 hour mute - first offense
* 1 hour ban - second offense
* 3 day ban - third offense
* 1 week ban - fourth offense
* Permanent ban - extreme cases

__**Racism, offensive language, and discrimination:**__
* Permanent ban - first offense

__**Exploiting server issues:**__
* Permanent ban - first offense

__**Spreading misinformation/defamation:**__
* Permanent ban - first offense

__**Alternate account usage (Alts):**__
* 1 month ban - gaining extra event rewards
* Permanent IP ban - ban evasion

__**Threats:**__
* Permanent ban - first offense

__**Drama and discussing punishments:**__
* 2 hour mute - first offense
* 2 week ban - second offense
* 1 month ban - third offense
* Permanent ban - fouth offense

__**Inappropriate skins and names:**__
* Permanent ban - first offense (unban when resolved)

Incase you see a person join which has banned accounts related to the same IP, check if this player just got banned a short while ago `/history <Red Player name in chat>`, should that be the case it is very likley to be ban evasion which resolves in a Permanent IP ban.

Check via [Coreprotect](https://www.minerealm.com/community/viewtopic.php?f=32&t=6781) which player broke or placed which block, use this to get information about potential Griefs that are reported but happened in the past.

Make sure you have the evidence before you ban a player that is using a Modified client. Should the player be ruining the others experience by chat you can punish them before getting evidence since it will stay accessible.

Is a player annoying someone with for example agressive pets or is building outside of anothers claim without their permission and they don't react on warnings, you can use `/spawn <username>` to force teleport them to spawn, Run this command twice to avoid them being able to return with `/back`. Make sure this is the case before using the command.

Should you see another staff member potentially break a rule, contact them personally or an admin, do not act on your own against other staff.

If you need clarification on any of these, please either post in `#staff-chat` or contact an admin. After you have given out a punishment, please post evidence of the offense in the `#evidence` channel on our Discord server. This will help us keep track of punishments in case we need the evidence in the future.
